Modified main page of Contributing section of ArviZ python library website (#2058)
arviz-devs/arviz: doc/source/contributing/index.md

(contributing_guide)=

> ## Welcome

Author: Fixed

> Welcome to the [ArviZ](https://www.arviz.org/en/latest/) project! If you’re reading this guide, that probably means you’d like to get involved and start contributing to the project. ArviZ is a  multi-language open-source project that provides tools for exploratory analysis of Bayesian models.   The package includes functions for posterior analysis, data storage, sample diagnostics, model checking, and comparison.

Author: Fixed

As a scientific, community-driven, open-source software project, we welcome contributions from interested individuals or groups. The guidelines specified in this document can help new contributors make their contributions compliant with the conventions of the ArviZ python library, and maximize the probability of such contributions being merged as quickly and as efficiently as possible.

> All kinds of contributions to ArviZ, either on its codebase, its documentation, or its community are valuable and we appreciate your help. We constantly encourage non-code contributors to become a core contributor and participate in [ArviZ governance](https://github.com/arviz-devs/arviz/blob/main/GOVERNANCE.md).

Author: Fixed

## Before you begin
Before contributing to ArviZ, please make sure to read and observe the [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/arviz-devs/arviz/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).   
 
## Communication
Contact us on [Gitter](https://gitter.im/arviz-devs/community) if you want to contribute to the project but you are not sure where you can contribute or how to start.

## Contributing to ArviZ
The most common way of contributing to the project is sending pull requests on the main [ArviZ Github repository](https://github.com/arviz-devs/arviz). You can contribute to ArviZ in the following ways:

### Create an issue

> [Submit issues](https://github.com/arviz-devs/arviz/issues/new/choose) for existing bugs or desired enhancements. Check [Issue reports](https://arviz-devs.github.io/arviz/contributing/issue_reports.html) for details on how to write an issue.

Author: Fixed

### Translate ArviZ website

> You can [translate](https://python.arviz.org/en/latest/contributing/translate.html#translate) our website to languages other than english. 

Author: Fixed

### Review PRs
[Review pull requests](https://arviz-devs.github.io/arviz/contributing/review_prs.html#review-prs) to ensure that the contributions are well tested and documented. For example, you can check if the documentation renders correctly and has no typos or mistakes. 

### Manage issues

> Helping to manage or triage the open issues can be a great contribution and a great opportunity to learn about the various areas of the project. You can [triage existing issues](https://arviz-devs.github.io/arviz/contributing/issue_triaging.html#issue-triaging) to make them clear and/or provide temporary workarounds for them. 

Author: Fixed

### Write documentation
You can contribute to ArviZ’s documentation by either creating new content or editing existing content. For instance, you can add new ArviZ examples. To get involved with the documentation:

> 1. Familiarize yourself with the [documentation content structure](https://arviz-devs.github.io/arviz/contributing/content_structure.html) and the [tool chain](https://arviz-devs.github.io/arviz/contributing/doc_toolchain.html) involved in creating the website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Familiarize yourself with the `{ref}`documentation content structure <content_structure>` and the {ref}`tool chain <doc_toolchain>` involved in creating the website.
```

Also necessary to add `(doc_toolchain)=` at the top of the `doc_toolchain.md` file.

Author: Fixed

> 2. Understand the basic workflow for opening a [pull request](https://arviz-devs.github.io/arviz/contributing/pr_tutorial.html) and [reviewing changes](https://arviz-devs.github.io/arviz/contributing/review_prs.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Understand the basic workflow for opening a {ref}`pull request <pr_tutorial>` and {ref}`reviewing changes <review_prs>`.
```

`(pr_tutorial)=` needs to be added to `pr_tutorial.md` file.

Author: Fixed

3. Work on your content.

> 4. [Build](https://arviz-devs.github.io/arviz/contributing/sphinx_doc_build.html) your documentation and preview the doc changes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. {ref}`Build <sphinx_doc_build>` your documentation and preview the doc changes. 
```

   
### Support outreach initiatives

> Support ArviZ [outreach initiatives](https://arviz-devs.github.io/arviz/contributing/outreach.html) such as writing blog posts, case studies,  getting people to use ArviZ at your company or university, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support ArviZ {ref}`outreach initiatives <oureach_contrib>` such as writing blog posts, case studies,  getting people to use ArviZ at your company or university, etc.
```

### Make changes in the code
Fix outstanding issues (bugs) in the existing codebase. The issue can range from low-level software bugs to high-level design problems. You can also add new features to the codebase or improve the existing functionality. To fix bugs or add new features, do the following:

> 1. Familiarize yourself with the [guidelines](https://arviz-devs.github.io/arviz/contributing/contributing_prs.html#steps-before-starting-work) before starting your work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Familiarize yourself with the {ref}`guidelines <steps_before_working>` before starting your work.
```

needs to have `(steps_before_working)=` added right above the `
## Steps before starting work` line in `contributing_prs.md`

> 2. Understand the [development process](https://arviz-devs.github.io/arviz/contributing/contributing_prs.html#development-process-summary) and code conventions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Understand the {ref}`development process <dev_summary>` and code conventions.
```

> 3. Understand the basic workflow for opening a [pull request](https://arviz-devs.github.io/arviz/contributing/pr_tutorial.html) and [reviewing](https://arviz-devs.github.io/arviz/contributing/review_prs.html) changes.

Reviewer: same references as before

Author: Fixed

4. Review and test your code. 

```{toctree}
:maxdepth: 2
:caption: Contribution types

issue_reports
translate
issue_triaging
outreach
review_prs
contributing_prs

> pr_tutorial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This is already in the toctree below, I think pages should only appear once on the sidebar

Author: Fixed
